create new or duplicate reference
1 Setup window
How to create references 1) find reference section 2) create or duplicate a reference 3) important things to know about creating references 4) complete your reference 5) make your
reference available
2 Setup window
1) find reference section
a) from library setup b) from learn section
3 Setup window
a) from library setup
4 54 Setup window
Starting from the library setup, tag menu window click on library.
5 55 Setup window
Go to the reference section by clicking on the reference button.
6 Learn window
b) from learn section
7 105 Learn window
Go to the reference section by clicking on the cite or reference button ...
8 106 Learn window
then click on the new/edit button.
9 Learn window
2) create or duplicate a reference
10 10 Reference window
Create Ñ If the source article you are going to reference is not from a website or other publication used by a reference already in the library, then click the new button.
11 11 Reference window
Duplicate Ñ If the source article you are going to reference is from a website or other publication used by a reference already in the library, then duplicate that reference by clicking the "d" button.
12 edit g Reference window
Clicking the "d" or new button will open the edit window. Help for this window is in 2 columns. Explanations are to the left of screen shots of new and completed reference records.
13 Reference window
3) important things to know about creating references
a) selecting type of reference b) reference author options c) web address information
14 Reference window
a) selecting type of reference
15 37 Reference window
Your selections for 37 and 38 create the green and yellow bars on the edge of the reference screen, highlighting what you'll need to gather from your referenced item to create a good reference for it.
16 Reference window
Green bars indicate information usually found for the type of reference selected. Yellow bars indicate information that is sometimes available. Black indicates a completed selection.
17 Reference window
b) reference author optionscreate new or duplicate reference
18 44 Reference window
Unless you want to keep track of an author, type/paste their names here. Use the last name, first name standard to enter author names.
19 42 Reference window
If the author is someone you personally want to track, then make the effort to create a node tag for the author and then assign this tag to the reference.
20 95 Reference window
Read about how to create and assign node tags in this column.
21 43 Reference window
If there is more than one author, and you want to track these other authors too, then create node tags and assign them to this other node field.
22 44 Reference window
NOTE: If names are in this field, the node tags assigned will not show up in the reference. This field overrides the node tag fields as you can see in the example. Libet, Ben is a tagged node for this record but not an author of the referenced item.
23 Reference window
c) web address information
24 75 Reference window
All copyright reserved publications sometimes allow authors to post their articles on the web for students and colleagues. If you are given such a restricted link ...
25 80 Reference window
please click this checkbox. It will keep the link private and keep the author out of trouble. A library link will be shown so others can get it from a library. You might also consider ...
26 82 Reference window
including the DOI link for the publication. You'll see the DOI link on journal webpages. It is a web standard, non-changing link to a pay version of an article.
27 Reference window
File storage considerations for when you want to save a copy of a file on your computer, which I highly recommend in case a file is removed from the web, changed, or the internet is unavailable.
28 85 Reference window
For web pages and other small files use the library folder and x folder. For large files like movies, I would recommend using the other option and creating a ...
29 86 Reference window
filepath tag to an external drive for media files from youtube, ted.com, etc. Media files can fill up your drive fast.
30 129 Reference window
Read up on how to create path tags: explanation 105.
31 Reference window
4) complete your reference
32 Reference window
Fill in as much information as provided by the source to create your reference.
33 35 Reference window
When you are satisfied that your reference is complete click this box to remove the x. Once removed, red 33 will change to yellow.
34 Reference window
5) make your reference availablecreate new or duplicate reference
35 34 Reference window
Finally, click this box to show your reference as a reference or citation tag in the learn section. Yellow 32 will change to green (the color of the learn section).