Library Learn Windows

Learn Window: Note List
lists all notes in chronological order
1. Library's full name.
2. Primary node.  On the other side of   2    is the display area for other nodes if there are any.
3. Opens the folder containing the citation's file.  After clicking the folder button, you are given the name of the file to look for.
The file's folder is then opened allowing you to access the file. Button is yellow (luminosity 65%) when attached reference tag (top far right) has a linked file.
4. Opens webpage linked to attached reference tag (top far right).  Yellow button(luminosity 65%) = linked webpage.
5. Opens file linked attached reference tag (top far right). Yellow button (luminosity 65%) = linked file.
6. Displays all your learn records.
7. Opens the find window (top right).
8. Moves focus to the timer window.
9. Moves focus to tag menus window.
10. Returns to setup library windows.
11. Creates new learn record.
12. Duplicates a learn record, including all of the tags attached to it, which is useful if you are having similar ideas, requiring the same tags over and over again. 
If you are not duplicating a record just for its tags, a dialogue box gives you option to
create a link between the original record and your duplicate.  This is helpful if you are duplicating the record to rewrite an idea, and you want to remember how this idea of yours grew over many versions.  
13. Opens the quick view window   a   .  
a. Quick view (Qv) window (above right) shows all tags attached to one note: keywords, nodes, copyright, etc.
14. Deletes a record not in use after insuring that you really want to delete it with a dialogue box and by highlighting it red.  
Records in use by other records  cannot be deleted.
15. Opens the print window (top right).
16. Click to cycle thru four different views of learn record information: see    18    below.
17. Opens this help window.
18. Four different views of learn record information that you can toggle thru with the view button. 
a. Date header separating records into groups by creation date.
b. User generated text. Click on this text to edit it in the learn edit-note window (top right).
c. Picture added to record. Click on the picture to see a larger version of the icon in a new window and to add, change, or remove pictures.
d. Primary keywords above other keywords.  Add keywords using the keyword tag menu (top far right).
e. Time and date of a record's creation. Click on the time to edit time and date.  The time is highlighted purple if a reference or references are attached.  
f. List of reference tags 108 (top far right) attached to learn-note. Click on a one to focus on it in the tag-menus window 108 (top far right).
g. List of other learn-note records attached current learn-note record. Click on a one to focus on it in the tag-menus window 109 (top far right).

Learn Window: Note Quick View (Qv)
shows all tags attached to a note
19. Date header separating records into groups by creation date.
20. User generated text. Click on this text to edit it in the learn edit-note window (top right).
21. Picture added to record. Click on the picture to see a larger version of the icon in a new window and to add, change, or remove pictures.
22. Primary keywords above other keywords.  Add keywords using the keyword tag menu (top far right).
23. Time and date of a record's creation. Click on the time to edit time and date.  The time is highlighted purple if a citation is or references are attached.  
24. Other keywords list. Add keywords using the keyword tag menu (top far right).                                                       
25. Copyright tag for copyright assigned to this learn record.  All learn records have a copyright tag assigned automatically.
26. List of other learn-note records attached current learn-note record. Click on a one to focus on it in the tag-menus window 109 (middle far right).
27. List of reference tags 108 (top far right) attached to learn-note. Click on a one to focus on it in the tag-menus window 108 (top far right).

Learn Window: Find Note(s)
28. Information about how to find learn-notes by the tags attached to them.
29. Performs find.
30. Cancels find.
31. Text box to enter find request.
32. Possible search strategies.  Click to insert into text box.
a. Inserts "replace" in the find text box.  A quote search finds text that matches from the beginning of words only.  For example: The quoted phrase "covered the birds" will find, "I covered the birds' cage at night," but not, "I discovered the birds in the attic."
b. Inserts *"replace" in the find text box.  The star-quote search       *"covered the birds" will find both, "I discovered the birds in the attic," and, "I covered the birds' cage at night."
33. Date field for finding by date or date range.
34. Possible search strategies.  Click to insert into date field.
a. Inserts the greater-than symbol followed by the date shown:      > 1/1/2012.  Replace the date  with your own date to show all records greater than it.
b. Inserts the less-than symbol followed by the date shown:      < 1/1/2012. Replace the date with your own date to show all records less than it.
c. Inserts the two dates shown separated by an ellipse/three periods: 1/01/2012 ... 3/01/2012.  Replace with your own dates to find all records between them.

Learn Window: Edit Note
35. Text ruler.  Move gray sliders to control indentation of text.
36. Toggles text ruler on/off.
37. Returns to user to learn list-note view (top left).
38. Removes all text formatting.
39. Inserts citation text for print, which is page number focused.
[pdf #, pp # AuthorLastName, 2012]
Default text includes a place holder for a PDF page number and the printed page number, which may be quite different.  This double-page noting allows people who get the PDF to scroll to the PDF page referenced instead of looking in the PDF for the printed page numbers, and people who get the referenced publication to find the page that you referenced.
40. Inserts citation text for audio and visual media, where quotes are referenced by start time.
[0:00:00 AuthorLastName, 2012]
41. Theory-point checkbox restarts the primary order number of theory tagged notes (notes that are part of a theory of yours) as seen in the publish window ( 46 top right). Your first note is always 1.1, the next is 1.2, 1.3, etc. until you check this box.  The record checked becomes 2.1 followed by 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, etc. until you check the box again: 3.1, 3.2, etc.  
You can create many different groupings for the same learn notes by tagging them with different theory and test tags.
42. Text box for your notes, for pasting quotes, etc.  This is the focal point of the learn section of the library.  This is where you capture your ideas and link them to tags that will help you remember them, group them with similar ideas of yours and with quotes from referenced works of others.

Learn Window: Share Note(s)
formats notes for sharing
43. Copy's all learn records found.   Copy window is designed for use with the theory tag, which allows you to hand pick and order a set of tags for printing,posting, emailing, using in a research paper, etc. 
44. Returns user to main learn window.
45. Header is automatically generated by app and is composed of information about group of records displayed.
46. Sequential number of note or quote.  See   41   right.   
47. Record creator and creation timestamp if the note was authored by you, and if not, if it is a quote instead of a note, then a statement to that effect is put here     47a   .        
48. Your note or selected quote.
49. Keyword list created by adding keyword tags (top right) to note, to help you focus on what the note or selected quote is about.
50. References or citation attached to record.

Tag Menus: Node Tags
51. Opens the node tag menu.
a. Scroll right to see help for the other tag menus: copyright, theorize, test, key, reference, and find.  
52. Creates a new tag.
53. Creates a new group of tags.  
54. Deletes a tag not in use after insuring that you really want to delete it with a red highlight and dialogue box: see    24a    right.  
Tags applied to other records cannot be deleted. 
55. Highlights selected tag light-green (luminosity 73%)   a  , opens pulldown list of all groups  b  , and allows you to select to move the tag to another tag group.  Do not worry about creating new tags in just the right group.  You can always change your mind.
56. Toggles sort between default of alpha order by groups or alpha order by tags only.
57. Click to cycle thru four different views of tag information: see   67    below.
58. Opens new set of windows that enables you to add to the selected tag three pictures and three links to webpages and files to help you remember the tag's meaning and purpose (why you have it).
59. Name of group of tags.  Click to edit it.  
60. Picture of tag or picture that helps you understand a tag (in the example the picture is of the node Thomas Aquinas). Click on the picture to see a larger version of it in a new window. 
Click  add button   58   to add, edit, or delete tag pictures.
61. Tag name.  Click to edit.
62. Adds tag as primary tag to learn record.
63. Adds tag to learn record's other tag list.
64. Blue highlight with gray text is for current learn-note's other tags.
65. Green highlight with white text is for current learn-note's primary tag.
66. Italicized text indicates locked record, tag, etc.
67. Four different views of tag information that you can toggle thru using the view   57    button.
68. Text box for note about this tag.
69. Pictures added by tagging tag with a reference record containing a picture.  Click to open picture full size.
The 1, 2 and 3 buttons in add mode (click the add button  58   ) takes you to each picture's reference record in the reference window.
70. Links to webpages or files.  Click to open.
The 4, 5  and 6 buttons in add mode (click the add button  58   ) takes you to each links reference record in the reference window.

Tag Menus: Copyright Tags
71. Opens the copyright tag menu (scroll left to see the node tag menu explained and right to see theorize, test, key, reference, and find explained).
72. Creates copyright tag.
73. Creates group of copyright tags.  The ability to move records from one group to another is turned off for copyright records starting with version 1.04.
74. Deletes a tag not in use after insuring that you really want to delete it with a red highlight and dialogue box.  
A tag record cannot be deleted if it is set as a default on the library Setup screen.                     F
Tags applied to other records cannot be deleted.                    
Copyright records cannot be deleted if they belong to the system.  This is to insure that copies of this database shared with others always include the default set of creative commons copyrights and other copyrights.
75. Toggles sorting groups by increasing copyright restrictions (from no rights reserved to all rights reserved), and by all copyright tags in alpha order.
76. Opens webpage about selected copyright, but only when yellow (luminosity 65%).  If the web button is grey (luminosity 40%), there is no webpage to open.  See    77    to learn how to add, edit, or delete webpage links.
77. Opens new set of windows that enables you to add to the selected tag three pictures and three links to webpages and files to help you remember the tag's meaning and purpose (why you have it).                      
78. Tag group name.  Click to edit. 
79. Copyright icon. Click on the box to see a larger version of the icon in a new window.
80. Text box for name of copyright.  Any changes made to locked copyright tags will be removed by the system.  So if you see errors or have ideas for changes, please post them on the forum with the tag "ChangeText" so they can be considered for future releases of the library app.
81. Adds selected copyright to learn record.  (Selected copyright is highlighted dark green with white text. See   83    below.)
82. Text box for optional description of copyright.  Any changes made to locked copyright-tag descriptions will be removed by the system.  So, if you see errors or have ideas for changes, please post them on the forum with the tag "ChangeText" so that they can be considered for future releases of the library app.
83. Selected copyright is highlighted dark green with white text.

Tag Menus: Theorize Tags
84. Opens the theorize tag menu (scroll left to see node and copyright tag menus explained and right to see test, key, reference, and find explained). 
Theorize button also activates three features a  ,  b  and  c  in the learn window, allowing you to share, order, and sort learn records tagged with theory or test tags when theory or test tags are selected in the tag menu window.
a. Opens share window 43 left, which allows you to share full text and references with others via printer, e-mail, web post, etc.
b. Assigns order numbers to learn notes from a pulldown list of numbers.  These order numbers are saved by individual theory and test tags allowing you try out multiple arrangements of your notes, with each arrangement saved by a different theory and test tag.
c. Toggles sort of learn notes form order by date and time, to order by order number.  In the order number sort, learn notes without order numbers are sorted below notes with order numbers by date and time.
85. Creates a theorize tag.
86. Duplicates the selected theorize tag.  App recommends that you give a duplicate theory tag a version number so that you can tell identically-named theory tags apart from each other.  
Why duplicate?  Well, if you tag and order a set of your notes and quotes one way, and then realize you want try a different  ordering of the same notes, well, that is what the duplicate action helps you do.  It creates a  duplicate of your old theory tag,  adds itself to the same set of notes, whose order you can then modify: re-order, add to, subtract from, etc. 
87. Creates group of copyright tags.
88. Deletes a tag not in use after insuring that you really want to delete it with a red highlight and dialogue box: see   54a     above left.  
89. Tags applied to other records cannot be deleted: see   54b     left.   
Highlights selected tag light-green (luminosity 73%)  55a (above right), opens pulldown list of all groups 55b (above right), and allows you to select to move the tag to another tag group.  Do not worry about creating new tags in just the right group.  You can always change your mind.  
90. Toggles sort between the default alpha ordering by groups and alpha ordering by tags only. 
91. Tag group name.  Click to edit.  You can put in the letters "aa" at the beginning of a group name to make a group sort to the top of the tag menus window.  
92. Tag name.  Click to edit.  The tag is highlighted green (luminosity 17%) because it is attached to the current learn record (see   99   below).
93. Adds tag to current learn note.
94. Opens webpage    95    .
95. Text box to paste in webpage where you posted your theory.
96. Date field to insert date of post.
97. Deletes theory posting record.
98. Copyright selected for a theory.
I would recommend the CC-BY (attribute copyright) to encourage people to think about, test, and remix your ideas, while giving you credit for your ideas.  
99. Colors identify record and tag associations.
a1. The learn window header is green (luminosity 35%).  
a2. The bar indicating the currently selected learn record is green  (luminosity 35%).
a3. All theory tags attached to the currently selected learn note have green backgrounds  (luminosity 35%) to indicate their attachment.  
More than one theory tag may be attached to a learn note.
b1. The theory tag-menu header is blue (luminosity 47%).  
b2. The add-tag button is blue (luminosity 47%) to indicate the currently selected theory tag.
b3. All learn notes tagged with the currently selected theory tag have blue backgrounds (luminosity 47%) to indicate there attachment. 

Tag Menus: Test Tags
100. Opens the test tag menu (scroll left to see the node, copyright, and theorize tag menus' help and right to see help for key, reference, and find menus).
101. Opens test setup windows.
102. Adds a test tag to the selected learn note.
103. Other than the color scheme being brown (luminosity 5%)instead of blue (luminosity 47%), the test and theory tag color schemes perform the same function.  See 99 below for more information.

Tag Menus: Key (Keyword) Tags
104. Opens the key (keyword) tag menu (scroll left to see the node, copyright, theorize and test tag menus' help and right to see help for reference, and find menus).
The key menu works exactly like node menu.  See   51   far left for help understanding and using it. 

Tag Menus: Reference Tags
105. Opens the reference tag menu (scroll left to see the node, copyright, theorize, test and key tag menus' help and right to see reference and find menus' help).
Add references when you quote others' works, make notes based upon or about them, etc.  You can link multiple references to a  learn record.
106. Click to add the keywords assigned to a reference to the active Learn record in the Learn window.  
107. Opens reference section allowing you to edit the reference tags.  Two such tags are shown in the above example  under the Ôartificial intelligence' header.
108. Click to show a list of reference tags 114 created in the reference section.  By default, this button is clicked instead of the learn 109 button, as you probably want to see reference tags most of the time.  
109. Click to show a list of learn-note  tags 113 . These tags are summaries of your learn-notes.  Add one if your currently selected learn-note refers to a another learn-note.
110. Toggles sort between sorting  tags into groups and sorting all tags in alpha order.  Groups are sorted by keyword for reference records and by date for learn-notes.
111. Opens webpage belonging to attached reference tag. Yellow color (luminosity 65%) indicates current tag has a web link.
112. Opens file belonging to attached reference tag. Yellow color (luminosity 65%) indicates current tag has a file link.
113. Reference tag menu toggles between a list of learn-note tags and a list of reference record tags.  See 108 and 109 for information on how to toggle between these two lists.
a. Date header for learn references and keyword header for reference records under which learn-note and reference tags are listed.
b. Picture belonging to learn-note or reference record. Click on the picture to see a larger version of it in a new window.
c. Summary of learn-note or reference record in the form of a reference: author, date, etc.
d. Click button to add tag to current learn-note in the learn window   18b   bottom, far left.
e. Red button -- reference records only -- indicates that the reference is incomplete or of questionable accuracy. 

Tag Menus: Find
find tagged learn records or find tags
114. Opens a dialogue box that gives you the three options  (scroll left to see help for node, copyright, theorize, test, and reference tag menus).
115. Cancels the find.
116. Opens window for finding tags in the current tag menu: node, key, copyright, etc.  See 118 below.
117. Opens window that allows you to find learn notes tagged with various tags.  See 123   below.
118. Window for entering find requests for tags.
119. Tag you can make find request for is light green (luminosity 67%).  
120. Performs find.
121. Cancels find.
122. Find request text box for entering anything you can remember about a tag's name.
123. Window for making multiple find requests for tagged learn notes  by clicking multiple P 128 and  O 129 buttons More than one request is allowed from each of the tag menus: node, copyright, theorize, test, key, refernce.  Each successful find adds more learn records to total found, which are displayed in the learn window.
124. Tag menu buttons are highlighted after a successful find request, to help you remember on which tag menus you made find request.  In the example above, we are on the key tag menu.  The highlight on it and the theorize tag menu button tell us learn-notes have been found with the selected key tags and with the selected theorize tags.
125. Tag menu button for tag list currently showing is light green (luminosity 67%).   
126. Performs find.  
127. Cancels find.
128. Finds all learn notes for which the selected tag is their primary tag.
129. Finds all learn notes for which the selected tag is one their other tags.
130. Highlighted tag indicates that learn notes found tagged with it.