Help Library Reference
Reference Window: List 
1. Library's full name.
2. Opens folder of a file belonging to attached cite tag.  Upon clicking, user is informed of the name of the file to look for and then the folder is opened to allow the user to scroll to the file. Yellow color indicates a linked file in folder.
3. Opens webpage belonging to attached cite tag. Yellow color indicates web link.
4. Opens file belonging to attached cite tag. Yellow color indicates linked file.
5. Finds all reference records.
6. Opens find window (see   62   above far right).
7. Moves focus to Timer window.
8. Moves focus to Tag Menus window   66   thru    130   .
9. Returns to main Setup or Learn windows, which ever one you came from to the reference section.
10. Creates new reference record.
11. Duplicates a reference record, and then opens edit window allowing you to edit it.
12. Opens edit window.  See 25 above right.
13. Deletes record that is not in use after insuring you really want to delete it by highlighting it red.  Records attached to other records, as references, cannot be deleted.
14. Toggles window through three different sort options to help you find the reference records that you are most interested in working on.
a. Alpha order sorts records by primary keyword, which shows up in big print at the top of each group of reference records.
b. Sort by creation date, which highlights creation date.
c. Sort by most recent modification date, which highlights mod-date.
15. Pulldown menu for selecting or changing the location of the source file (the one the reference refers to) on the computer.  See 53 left. 
16. Opens help window.
17. Reference creation date.
18. Date of last modification to reference.
19. Left color band if green or medium gray, if you have difficulty seeing colors, means that reference will show in the learn section of the library (whose header is this same color).  If this band is yellow or light gray, it will not show up.
20. Right color band if yellow or light grey means you are satisfied with the completeness and accuracy of the reference.  Red or medium dark gray means the reference record is incomplete and/or may contain inaccurate information.
21. When checked, turns  19  green (medium gray) and includes reference in learn section of the library. If someone shares a library with you, you won't want the references of items you have not reviewed cluttering your list references in the learn section.  Click this check box only during or after your review of an item, when you need to reference a quote from the item or your own thoughts and notes and about or inspired by the item.
22. When checked turns right color band yellow (light gray, if you have difficulty seeing color).
23. Left vertical bar indicates inactive reference if dark gray.
a. Record is active if Yellow or light gray, if you have difficulty seeing color.
24. Reference as it will appear when shared with others.
25. Opps, I skipped 25 and went right to 26 in the next column.  In the next version, I will take the time to change change all the numbers and fix this oversight. Sorry for any confusion.

Reference Window: Edit
numbered help below 
for screenshots shown right
numbered help left 
for screenshots shown below
26. Reference edit window.
27. Returns you to the main reference window.  Click when you are in one of the following fields to identify the copyright holder or holders:     PrimaryNode 42, OtherNodes 43, AuthorListForCitation 44, Editor 54, Publication 62, Publisher 68.
28. Removes formatting from the text in the selected text box.
29. Capitalizes every word in the selected text box.
30. Default primary node at time reference was created.
31. Last modified date and time.
32. Green means 'show in learn' check box 34 checked: see  19  below left for more information.
33. Red means 'incomplete' check box 35 checked: see 20 below left for more information.
34. Check to show in learn section. See 21 below left for more info.
35. Uncheck when you are satisfied reference is accurate and complete.
36. Display of reference based on fields filled in below it.
37-89. Click on the green, yellow, grey, or black bar next to the item you need to know about in the Reference window and the Reference Field Help window will open.  
Your selections for 37 and 38 create the green and yellow bars on the edge of the reference screen.  They highlight what you'll need to gather from your referenced item to create a good reference for it. 
Green bars indicate information usually found for the type of reference selected, while yellow bars indicate information that is sometimes available for these reference items. Black indicates that a selection has been made.

Reference Window: Find
90. Finds references by the text in their text boxes and checks in their check boxes.  If you want to find reference records by the tags attached to them, then you need to click the cancel button 91 and then click the find button  in the tag menus window (message informing of this 90a ). 
91. Cancels find.
92. This is the complete reference search box, so you can put almost anything in here that you think might be in the reference or references you wish to find.
93. Possible search strategies.  Click to insert into text box.
a. Inserts "replace" in the find text box.  A quote search finds text that matches from the beginning of words only.  For example: The quoted phrase "covered the birds" will find, "I covered the birds' cage at night," but not, "I discovered the birds in the attic."
b. Inserts *"replace" in the find text box.  The star-quote search       *"covered the birds" will find both, "I discovered the birds in the attic," and, "I covered the birds' cage at night."
94. Possible search strategies.  Click to insert into date field.
a. Inserts the greater-than symbol followed by the date shown:      > 1/1/2012.  Replace the date  with your own date to show all records greater than it.
b. Inserts the less-than symbol followed by the date shown:      < 1/1/2012. Replace the date with your own date to show all records less than it.
c. Inserts the two dates shown separated by an ellipse/three periods: 1/01/2012 ... 3/01/2012.  Replace with your own dates to find all records between them.

Tag Menus: Node Tags
95. Opens the node tag menu.
a. Scroll right to see help for the other tag menus: copyright, publication, publisher, key, path, cite, and find.   
96. Creates a new tag.
97. Creates a new group of tags.  
98. Deletes a tag not in use after insuring that you really want to delete it with a red highlight and dialogue box: see   118a      right.  
Tags applied to other records cannot be deleted. 
99. Highlights selected tag light-green (luminosity 73%)   a  , opens pulldown list of all groups  b  , and allows you to select to move the tag to another tag group.  Do not worry about creating new tags in just the right group.  You can always change your mind.
100. Toggles sort between default of alpha order by groups or alpha order by tags only.
101. Click to cycle thru four different views of tag information: see    111   below.
102. Opens new set of windows that enables you to add to the selected tag three pictures and three links to webpages and files to help you remember the tag's meaning and purpose (why you have it).
103. Name of group of tags.  Click to edit it.  
104. Picture of tag or picture that helps you understand a tag (in the example the picture is of the node Thomas Aquinas). Click on the picture to see a larger version of it in a new window. 
Click  add button   58   to add, edit, or delete tag pictures.
105. Tag name.  Click to edit.
106. Adds tag as primary tag to learn record.
107. Adds tag to learn record's other tag list.
108. Blue highlight with gray text is for current learn-note's other tags.
109. Green highlight with white text is for current learn-note's primary tag.
110. Italicized text indicates locked record, tag, etc.
111. Four different views of tag information that you can toggle thru using the view   72    button.
112. Text box for note about this tag.
113. Pictures added by tagging tag with a reference record containing a picture.  Click to open picture full size.
The 1, 2 and 3 buttons in add mode (click the add button   73  ) takes you to each picture's reference record in the reference window.
114. Links to webpages or files.  Click to open.
The 4, 5  and 6 buttons in add mode (click the add button  73   ) takes you to each links reference record in the reference window.

Tag Menus: Copyright Tags
115. Opens the copyright tag menu (scroll left to see the node tag menu explained and right to see publication, publisher, key, path, cite, and find menus' help).
116. Creates copyright tag.
117. Creates group of copyright tags.  The ability to move records from one group to another was turned off for copyright records starting with version 1.04.
118. Deletes a tag not in use after insuring that you really want to delete it with a red highlight and dialogue box.  
A tag record cannot be deleted if it is set as a default on  the library Setup screen. 
Tags applied to other records cannot be deleted.                     Copyright records cannot be deleted if they belong to the system.  This is to insure that copies of this database shared with others always include the default set of creative commons copyrights and other copyrights.
119. Toggles sorting groups by increasing copyright restrictions (from no rights reserved to all rights reserved), and by all copyright tags in alpha order.
120. Opens webpage about selected copyright, but only when yellow (luminosity 65%).  If the web button is grey (luminosity 40%), there is no webpage to open.  See   121    to learn how to add, edit, or delete webpage links.
121. Opens new set of windows that enables you to add to the selected tag three pictures and three links to webpages and files to help you remember the tag's meaning and purpose (why you have it).          
122. Tag group name.  Click to edit. 
123. Copyright icon. Click on the box to see a larger version of the icon in a new window.
124. Text box for name of copyright.  Any changes made to locked copyright tags will be removed by the system.  So if you see errors or have ideas for changes, please post them on the forum with the tag "ChangeText" so they can be considered for future releases of the library app.
125. Adds selected copyright to learn record.  (Selected copyright is highlighted dark green with white text. See   127     below.)
126. Text box for optional description of copyright.  Any changes made to locked copyright-tag descriptions will be removed by the system.  So, if you see errors or have ideas for changes, please post them on the forum with the tag "ChangeText" so that they can be considered for future releases of the library app.
127. Selected copyright is highlighted dark green with white text.

Tag Menus: Publication, Publisher, Key (Keyword), Path
128. Opens key (short for keyword) menu which works exactly like node menu.  See   95   left. 
129. Opens path menu which works exactly like the node menu (95 left) minus one button.  See 132 below.
130. Opens publication menu which works exactly like the node menu  (95 left) minus one button.  See 132   below.
131. Opens publisher menu which works exactly like the node menu  (95 left) minus one button.  See 132   below.
132. Tags a reference record with the selected tag.  Unlike node and key tags, which have two tagging buttons -- primary and other -- path, publication, and copyist tags have just this one tagging button, and that is all they need.

Tag Menus: Cite (Citation) Tags
133. Opens the cite tag menu (scroll left to see the node, copyright, publication, publisher, key, and path tag menus' help and right to see find menus' help).
The only time you will probably need to cite another reference record in the reference section is when you alter an image   a   by cropping it to add to a tag.  You will then need to cite the original image   b  . 
If you create a collage out of several images, you would need to reference all the images used.  However, because this is your own remixing of other's works, you would store your remix of other's images, the collage, in the learn section.  The reference section is for references to other's works.  The learn section is for your works.  So in the case of a collage made from other's images, you would import the picture into a new learn note's picture holder (see  18c   in Help for Learn solution) and then tag the note with the reference tags for each of the pictures used.  Then when you decided to share the collage with others using the print function (see  15   in Help for Learn solution) the collage plus all the references would be shown together in one view.
134. Primary keyword header under which are all reference records tagged with this primary keyword.
135. Picture belonging to reference record. Click on the picture to see a larger version of it in a new window.
136. Reference.  Click into this box to see the full reference.
137. Adds reference as a citation to selected reference record.  
a. Red button indicates that the reference is incomplete and is either missing information or creator of reference is not satisfied with its accuracy. (My references are often incomplete because I cannot determine who owns to owns the copyright.)

Tag Menus: Find
find tagged learn records or find tags
138. Opens a dialogue box that gives you the three options  (scroll left to see help for node, copyright, publication, publisher, key, path and find tag menus).
139. Cancels the find.
140. Opens window for finding tags in the current tag menu: node, key, copyright, etc.  See 142 below.
141. Opens window that allows you to find learn notes tagged with various tags.  See 147   below.
142. Window for entering find requests for tags.
143. Tag you can make find request for is light green (luminosity 67%).  
144. Performs find.
145. Cancels find.
146. Find request text box for entering anything you can remember about a tag's name.
147. Window for making multiple find requests for tagged learn notes  by clicking multiple P 152 and  O 153 buttons More than one request is allowed from each of the tag menus: node, copyright, publication, publisher, key, and path.  Each successful find adds  more reference records to total found, which are displayed in the reference list window (top far left).
148. Tag menu buttons are highlighted after a successful find request, to help you remember on which tag menus you made successful find request.  In the example above, the key tag menu is active.  The highlight on it and the publication button tells us that reference records have been found with selected key tags and publication tags.
149. Tag menu button for tag list currently showing is light green (luminosity 67%).   
150. Performs find.  
151. Cancels find.
152. Finds all reference records for which the selected tag is their primary tag.
153. Finds all reference records for which the selected tag is one of the other keyword tags.
154. Highlighted tags indicate that reference records have been found tagged with them.
