the library story = the story civilization
1 Library Story window
1) Access to information storage tech from primitive times to today 2) The labor and time involved finding and retrieving facts from physical vs. digital information sources 3) Leverage: Dominant vs. Meek (or how the meek inherit the
Earth)
2 Library Story window
1) Access to information storage technology from primitive times to today
a) No Information Storage b) Physical Information Storage c) Digital Information Storage
3 Library Story window
a) No Information Storage
4 1 Library Story window
Without instant, accessible, comprehensive read/write information storage technology we have no choice but to argue facts based on how right we feel about them, like the fact of how to get somewhere when we are lost and have no map.
5 1 Library Story window
Our ancestors paid and we continue to pay a huge cost in the accuracy, complexity, and number of decisions that we can make in the absence of stored, instantly accessible, comprehensive, etc. facts—maps, books, internet, etc.
6 2 Library Story window
Talk is a very, very slow and a very poor method for sharing information. Each word must be heard in order. No scanning ahead to get to the point. No possibility to review what was said, as talk leaves no permanent record behind.
7 2 Library Story window
Failure to pay full attention to every, single, spoken word and remember them all exactly as they where spoken can result in misunderstandings that may be passed on, misunderstood by others, passed on by them, and so on.
8 4 Library Story window
Info-storage technology preserves and transfers information exactly as it was recorded allowing us to reflect vs. argue about stored—written—facts.
9 Library Story window
b) Physical Information Storage
10 1 Library Story window
Even after the invention of information storage technology like maps, most people had to continue relying on unreliable brains and slow talk for most of their information transfer and storage needs.
11 3 Library Story window
Physical information technology—clay and stone tablets, paper, books, etc.—was and continues to be too impractical to rely upon everywhere we need reliable sources of facts (facts written down, not remembered by our unreliable brains).
12 3 Library Story window
This clay tablet has stored a Sumerian government treasury account of silver for 4,500 years! Great! But, imagine Sumerian's getting receipts like this with every purchase! "It'll just be a minute while I create your receipt and bake it in the sun."
13 4 Library Story window
At the dawn of info tech the "problem" of illiterate or uneducated people was then as it is now an info-tech access problem, not a stupid vs. smart people problem.
14 5 Library Story window
With the invention of paper and ink, information storage became much less bulky, and much less time consuming to store. No more long waits for the clay based tech to harden in the sun or a kiln. (Bonus: paper doesn't break when dropped.)
15 5 Library Story window
Paper info-tech can be efficiently stored in books, an information-storage technology for storing lots of paper in an unchanging easily referenced order. Hand written books put a stop to more arguments than tablets, but not by much.
16 6 Library Story window
The invention of printing mechanized the copying of symbols onto paper, increasing the number of available books! But, books have a limited storage capacity. Access to facts in the paper age was an access-to-libraries problem.
17 7 Library Story window
To store information that anyone might need using books requires libraries or very large buildings in which to organize, protect, access, etc. books.the library story = the story civilization
18 1 Library Story window
For most people on Earth resolving disputes over facts like how best to repair things, perform surgery, build things, etc. must be resolved by arguing because going to a library is to impractical or impossible.
19 6 Library Story window
Another problem with paper books distributed via libraries and bookstores is their unchangeable nature. To improve the quality of information stored in paper books requires throwing out the old books and publishing new ones.
20 3 Library Story window
The resource cost of creating, distributing, storing, etc. information physically makes it impossible for most people to be authors, contributors of facts, improvers of facts, etc. Valuable insights are lost because paper tech is not read/write.
21 Library Story window
Digitally stored information allows for anytime-anywhere access from devices that fit in our pockets, and it is read/WRITE allowing corrections, additions, etc. by anyone, which makes continuous quality improvement possible.
22 4 Library Story window
Everyone can reflect, analyze, research, write, publish, peer review, etc. digitally stored information, and, so, access and improve humanities very best thoughts, and help others do the same! We can all be scholars vs. ...
23 1 Library Story window
... vs. arguers of facts.
24 8 Library Story window
See how easy it is to check and improve facts stored digitally by clicking on any of these references to 1) check my sources, 2) open them, and 3) with Wikipedia sources, improve them for the benefit of everyone!
25 Library Story window
c) Digital Information Storage
26 Library Story window
Now that you've seen how physically difficult it is to write, store, access (and impossible to edit, add, etc. to)information stored physically, let's look at how easy it is in contrast to write, store, access, edit, write, store, etc. information stored digitally.
27 9 Library Story window
I copied and stored a thought of Shakespeare's I think important and want to remember using the Library's Learn module (the place for all thoughts both yours and others that you wish to remember, reference, work with, etc.).
28 9 Library Story window
(To learn more about the Learn module click the 'solutions' button at the top of the Help window, which opens the solutions menu. Then click the 'Learn' option.)
29 10 Library Story window
I linked this quote of Shakespeare's to its source (a digital copy of his play) with one click of a button.
30 11 Library Story window
With another click, I opened a perfect copy of this source on the world wide web in under a second.
31 12 Library Story window
Anyone with whom I share this referenced quote will also be able to instantly access a perfect digital copy of the same source, and be able to read it in context!
32 13 Library Story window
In this next example, I made some notes on an informative presentation about copyright law, which I have shared with anyone interested. (Click the screenshot of this note to see my full notes on this presentation at the Help Give Thanks Forum.)
33 14 Library Story window
I referenced the presentation in one click.
34 15 Library Story window
The reference contains a link to the presentation.the library story = the story civilization
35 16 Library Story window
Retrieved instantly from the world wide web.
36 Library Story window
Digital info tech automates the once labor intensive, time consuming processes of publishing, distributing, storing, finding, etc. facts and allows anyone to participate in the writing, editing, publishing of facts.
37 1 Library Story window
Now, instead of arguing facts everyone can participate in the discovery and quality improvement of facts, like adding and removing roads to make digital maps that we all use better match the territory!
38 4 Library Story window
We can change our minds vs. defend our imagined views when instant, peer reviewed, update-able, facts are always available when needed. "It's not me. See ... here is the fact." OR "Oh, wait a minute ... you are right. This is the best quality fact."
39 Library Story window
Now that you've seen the basic differences between physical and digital info tech, let's get specific and really appreciate just how easy it is now to find facts digitally vs. how time consuming and labor intensive it is relying on paper based info tech.
40 Library Story window
2) The labor and time involved finding, retrieving, and copying facts from physical vs. digital sources
a) find a reference to a source of facts b) retrieve the source c) find a source referenced in the found source, retrieve it, copy a fact from it
41 Library Story window
a) find a reference to a source of facts
digital d1 - d4 vs. physical p1 - p4
42 d1 Library Story window
Launch the Library solution.
(You could also launch your internet browser.)
43 p1 Library Story window
Travel to your local library.
44 d2 Library Story window
Open the Reference module.
(You could also open Google, Bing, Dogpile, etc.)
45 p2 Library Story window
Go the card catalogue. (I realize this is outdated tech, and no library really has these anymore. But, this was how it had to be done before cheap, widely available computer technology).
46 d3a Library Story window
Click 'find' in the References window, type in search terms, and then click 'find' again, OR ...
(Type in a search term and click search in Google, Bing, DogPile, etc.)
47 d3b Library Story window
Click 'find' in the Tag Menus window, and then click keyword, author, etc. tags which will show all records tagged with your selections.
(Type in a search term and click search in Google, Bing, DogPile, etc.)
48 p3 Library Story window
Open catalogue drawers and look thru the index cards by subject and author.
49 d4 Library Story window
Locate a reference that seems promising.
(In Google, Bing, DogPile, etc. locate a reference that seems promising ... )
50 p4 Library Story window
Locate a reference card that seems promising.
51 Library Story window
Time elapsed finding a promising reference
digital d1 - d4 = 1-10 minutes vs. physical p1 - p4 = 10-60 minutes depending on distance to library, traffic, parking, etc.the library story = the story civilization
52 Library Story window
b) retrieve one source
digital d4 - d6 vs. physical p4 - p6
53 d4 Library Story window
Click on the reference to a source that you think might contain the facts that you want.
(Scroll to a source in Google, Bing, DogPile, etc. that seems promising ... )
54 p4a Library Story window
Click on the reference to a source that you think might contain the facts that you want.
NOTE: This step in the 21st century physical library is now digital (as shown).
55 p4b Library Story window
Note the source's location information so that you will remember it after you travel from the library's digital reference computer to the physical source.
56 d5 Library Story window
Click the web button to have your web browser retrieve a copy of the source for you.
(In Google, Bing, DogPile, etc. click the source's link to have your web browser retrieve a copy of the source for you.)
57 p5 Library Story window
To get this source in this library you must first climb from the 2nd floor where the public reference computers are located to the 4th floor.
58 p5 Library Story window
Once you reach the 4th floor ...
59 p5 Library Story window
... walk thru the stacks/bookcases until you locate the one containing the source.
60 p5 Library Story window
Search the shelves to find the source (book).
61 p5 Library Story window
NOTE: Jason Brown's The Life of the Mind is the book that started me on this journey leading to my creation of the Library solution. I am very grateful for this book and the CSUS Library! I needed both in 1988 to start this journey ...
62 p5 Library Story window
... BUT today, in 2013, limiting access to facts by storing them only physically and in very small quantities (only 1 copy of this book of facts) unnecessarily forces people to argue facts rather than conform themselves to the best quality facts.
63 d6 Library Story window
Once the source is found, we can then read from the digital copy of the source to find facts of interest. BONUS: Our access to a digital srouce does not block anyone else's access to the same source of facts as unlimited, perfect copies are available to all!
64 p6 Library Story window
Once the source is found, we can then read from the physical copy of the source to find facts of interest. DRAWBACKS: Only one person at a time can view a physical copy of facts, and once finished the source has to be put back for others to find it.
65 Library Story window
Time elapsed from noting a source's location to retrieving that source
digital d4 - d6 = 2 seconds or less vs. physical p4 - p6 = 1-15 minutes depending on distance from reference computer to source's shelf
66 Library Story window
c) find a source referenced in the found source, retrieve it, copy a fact from it
digital d3 - d7 vs. physical p2 - p7
67 ... Library Story window
Before we can find the paper source, we first have to figure out where it is, which means (p2) go to the library's computer catalogue, (p3) look it up, (p4a) note its location (p4b), write it down (south side of the library on the 2nd floor), and then ...
68 p5 Library Story window
... begin our journey through the library (starting at the white * in the photo) to physically retrieve this source.the library story = the story civilization
69 p5 Library Story window
After making our way from the far north side of the building (see white *), we go down a flight of stairs.
70 p5 Library Story window
Then we go to about the middle of the south library building (see white X).
71 p5 Library Story window
There we find the periodicals which are arranged in bookcases alphabetically. We need to focus on the B bookcases.
72 p5 Library Story window
Once we find volume 8 of Behavioral and Brain Science, we pull it from the shelf and open it to issue number 4.
73 p6 Library Story window
And on page 529 we can being to look for facts of interest.
74 d3 Library Story window
Because the original digital source is on our computer we don't have to go anywhere, unlike in the physical library where we have to walk back to the library catalogue. In the digital library we just perform another find.
75 d4 Library Story window
We scroll thru the results to locate the new source.
76 d5 Library Story window
Instead of leaving the computer to go off and find it, we click the web button (or link if using Google, Bing, DogPile, etc.).
77 d6 Library Story window
In less than second, the new source appears on our computer screen, and we can begin to look thru it for facts of interest.
78 d7a Library Story window
Once we find a fact that seems important to us, we just copy it from the source and ...
79 d7b Library Story window
... paste it into a new Learn record for future reference. With the Library solution's Learn module, all our found facts are easily stored, referenced, backed-up, and available for us to use and to share with others.
80 p7 Library Story window
Back in the physical library, we must take our newly found source to a copy machine and make paper copies of any facts we might like to reference later (periodicals cannot be checked out). We then have to physically store the paper copies for future reference.
81 Library Story window
Time elapsed finding a source referenced in the found source, retrieving it, and copying facts from it
digital d3 - d7 = 2-60 seconds vs. physical p2 - p7 = 1-15 minutes depending on distance traveled
82 1 Library Story window
Our civilization, our social structures, our families, etc. are still organized around the old fact that paper is the primary tech for storing information. Thus, we argue vs. expect people in our lives to look up facts, reference facts, work with facts, etc.
83 4 Library Story window
What the car replacing the horse and buggy did for people transportation, digital info tech replacing physical (paper) info tech can and will do for fact transportation. We can all stop arguing facts and allow everyone to be smart.
84 1 Library Story window
We continue to argue facts today not because we have to, but because we have always done so. We have made up stories about stupid people vs. smart people to explain problems caused by most peoples inability to access physically stored facts.
85 9 Library Story window
The Library solution is a tool for scholars, one solution for personal fact access and storage, a model T of fact storage and transport.the library story = the story civilization
86 9 Library Story window
As you use it to store facts and your notes on facts, think about how it could be improved to make sharing and improving facts better. Share your ideas on the HelpGiveThanks.org Forum in the Library section.
87 4 Library Story window
Help improve this tutorial by sharing your ideas and error reports at the HelpGiveThanks.org Forum in the Help section.