Timer Edit 
3 columns of help for graphic to right
1. Opens edit time window.
2. Opens window showing bar-graphs 7b of time chunks instead of amounts of 16 time.
3. Goes to specific action windows.  Highlighted green when TQM actions, or the exercise timers are active and selected.
4. Goes to current library window or if a library is not open, opens last library closed.  Highlighted green when active and selected.
5. Opens a window that allows you to open any of your libraries or the Fat and Muscle Efficiency Research or Budget Research solutions.
6. Back to dashboard window.
7. Opens scale pulldown list you can use to change the length of time over which the bar chart 7b is spread: 2, 4, 6, 8, 12, or 16 hours.
a. Time divisions for bar chart 7b .
b. Bar chart for the selected general action timer.  (The one with the blue square 20 next to it).  The thin black bars, top to bottom, represent chunks of time 17, left to right. The gray bars between them represent the length time  between actions.  In the example above there are 2 gray bars each of which is less than 45 minutes long, meaning that between the 1:25 action and the 0:45 minute action there was a pause of about 20 minutes as that gray bar is not even half way to the 45 minute mark 7a .
8. Name of current user.
9. Left pointing arrows go back one day.  Right arrow button goes forward one day.  Clicking on the date itself opens a drop-down calendar for selected a month/day/year to go to.
10. Minus shrinks while the plus button enlarges the size of everything in the window. 
11. General action timers. Click on any timer to turn it on and off.  Timers have a light background 11a when off and a dark background when active 11b.  The variation in the light background 11a is to visually group timers together.  You can do this by assigning odd or even order numbers to your timers by clicking the edit button  1  and then in the edit window by clicking the edit button 12 .  The app gives odd numbered timers the lightest background:       11a  .
12. Opens window for editing, creating new, and retiring general action timers 11 .
13. The 1, 7, and 31 day buttons take you to three different views of your time showing you 1 day of time (current view), 7 days, or 31 days of time.
14. Inserts current time into any selected time box in rows  16a   and   16b    .
15. Clears all time for the day for the selected timer (blue square 20), but asks you first if you really want to do that with a dialogue box and orange highlight of time, or medium dark gray highlight with dark gray text if you have difficulty seeing colors.
16. Time calculators.
a. Chunks of total time that a timer was active.
b. Editable start time fields that are automatically filled in when a timers are started. 
c. Editable stop time fields that are automatically filled in when a timers are stopped. 
17. Text box for making a note.
18. Total time for day.
19. Time that a timer was first started.  Plain text = am, italics = pm, and underline = at least a day later, which in this example would be 7/24 or later.
20. Square indicating selected timer.  Click in this space to the left of any timer to select it.  The timer will not activate, but any actions like clear time 15 will be performed on this selected timer.  If you click  3  you will be shown the specific actions for the selected timer (which may not be the active timer).
21. Last time used in days.  In example, the exercise brain sample has not be used in 3 days.  Click on this number to be taken back to the day the timer was used or -3 days ago.  Click on a negative number like -3 to be brought forward to the current day.   
