use theory tag to link and order learn records to make a theory
1 Learn window
How to use theory tags to group together some of your Learn notes, reorder them to your liking, and then share them with others.
BONUS: You can create multiple groups (theories) with the same notes reordering each group differently!
2 Learn window
Tutorial Topics 1) theory tag location 2) create or duplicate a group of notes 3) order grouped notes 4) share group of notes with others 5) log who you shared notes with and link to shared notes if on the web
3 Learn window
1) theory tag location
4 84 Learn window
In the learn module of the library, go to the Tag Menus window and click on the theorize button to reveal all theories and to create new or duplicate theories, etc.
5 Learn window
2) create or duplicate a group of notes
a) select or create a group of theories b) create a new or duplicate theory tag c) name the theory tag d) group learn records by tagging them
6 Learn window
a) select or create group for new tag
7 91 Learn window
Select a group for new theory tags (duplicates are placed in original's group).
8 89 Learn window
You can always move any tag to a different group by clicking on the move button to select another group for a tag.
9 87 Learn window
If no group suites you, then create a new group by clicking the group button. A new theory tag will be created automatically for the new group.
10 Learn window
b) create a new or duplicate theory tag
11 85 Learn window
create new tag Ñ click the newtag button
12 86 Learn window
create duplicate tag Ñ click the "d" button if you want to modify the selected theory-tag's group of learn notes by adding, subtracting or reordering them.
13 Learn window
c) name new theory tag or add version number to duplicate theory tag
14 92 Learn window
Type in a name for your theory or reason for grouping together a set of learn records. If this is a duplicate of an existing theory than add a version number like v2, v3, v4, etc. to the tag's name to help you keep track.
15 93 Learn window
Tag and untag learn records with this button to create and modify a theory tags group of learn records. You know a learn record is tagged because its background changes and it is moved to the top in the learn window.
16 99 Learn window
Read help topic 99 to learn what highlight colors mean.
17 Learn window
3) Order grouped notes to your liking in the learn window.use theory tag to link and order learn records to make a theory
18 b Learn window
You can change the sort order of the selected and tagged learn record by clicking on the # button, and then selecting a number from the list the opens up that would sort it above or below its current position. Record must tagged to apply order number.
19 c Learn window
Toggle back and forth between sorting learn records by date and time or by order number.
20 b Learn window
NOTE: a learn record can have different order numbers for each theory tag assigned to it. This allows you to experiment with trying out different arrangements of a group of learn records to make a theory stronger, or easier to understand, etc.
21 Learn window
4) Share group of notes with others via paper, e-mail, web posting, etc.,
22 a Learn window
Click the share button to open the share window.
23 Learn window
 See notes 45 to 47a to learn about all the sections of the share window.
24 43 Learn window
Click the copytext button to copy all that you see in the share window and then paste this text into an email, a web post, a word processor to print it, etc.
25 44 Learn window
Click the back button to return to the learn-note window.